So to end text area inside the notepad, we know first we are going to create a text area with the helpful
Java Swing Library below this.
We are going to call a text area function and then name this as text area.
New.
New tax data.
Yes.
So 10 days, is the text area successfully added to the call?
Now we are going to add it to the constructor.
Yes.
So not oh, let us first, and the about section we just created in the help section help.
Not that about.
So we have added about what?
No.
We are going to the text area to the north side window.
So the about section is successfully added to the health, but then health news about glass is ended
now to the text area.
We created a new menu items, text, text areas, text data now invoking it with the help of the constructor.
We will call it a scroll pin because the text is going to be a.
Scrawling stuff, there is no limit of three or four words, the text can be as long as we've wanted
to, so naming this variable as cruel pen new and.
You things.
So documents passed in Saturday's attack stadium, basically.
And I think the scroll pan to the flames.
I keep scrolling to that frame and.
Now, let us try and run this.
So perfect, the text field is added here, currently, the font size is so small.
So let us set the font size first.
So increase the text size should be done this text area.
Not set find.
And the rest of the contest, sensory plane and say this 20, let's check if the font size as in these
are not perfect.
So the font something and clear.
On typing, something you can see there, it is going through in a horizontal manner, which is not
a good practice.
The patient may come in the next line automatically and not go through the horizontal scrolling.
So to prevent this?
We are going to call something in our function and prevent this from happening.
So we need a vertical scrolling and prevent the horizontal scrolling.
So in the scroll thing preventing.
No vertical, the horizontal scrolling is.
Setting it as never so a scroll thing.
Shouldn't call it, does horizontal scrolling never affect?
And similarly, we need the vertical scrolling surveillance circuit to as needed.
Just spin.
Horizontal is done, so more take this as needed.
Yes.
So now we can go and check if the ruling party's fixed fixed not.
Running the program.
And not a strength of terror, something.
I think there is something missed.
Let us try to fix this again.
Attacks should switch to the next line automatically, so calling to my turn as text, Dahlia said line
the.
As true.
And the second one.
Is set it up style war, I think.
Let us try.
In the next line, text, Dania said that Epstein was so diverse then she'd made it up give the horizontal
line is false.
We should switch to the next line automatically.
OK.
So try running this.
Typing something.
OK, perfect.
So text is coming in the next line automatically and the text version is completed in this way.
Now let us try to add some actions to these buttons, like clicking on the new button, clicking on
the save copy.
Got anything?
We have to set some actions to the button.
Sorry, I'm going to use action listener for this purpose.
So extending this with Action Listener's action listener.
So to make things worse, firstly, we have to import name and class from Germany, N.W.T..
So Java, N.W.T..
Not even.
And exporting everything from this class, we are using extra care so that all the classes from doing
what important here.
And in this class, we have to do a fix.
My implementing nest.
So, yes.
Override function is created automatically, as for isolated action is less so coming to this and adding
some actions to the buttons.
We have already created a world class called Action for Fun, Victor, even E!
So firstly, we are going to an action listener with a reaction out there.
And actually, listener.
And in the parameter, we are going to pass this, you work.
So that it gets invoked as far recall this action.
Similarly for.
Every matter.
New file, open file.
I've been fine.
See, fine.
Bring Brexit and whatever.
They're supposed to end in the.
So save in Texas it.
Exempt, select all copy paste.
Collectors just done this and try to.
Try to avoid this.
So I can say this action perform event creator.
We have an election listener with every important like new option save an exit, copy paste, select
on and about.
So every button in the North Bank has attached action with it here.
Use conditional operators if and also like if they click the new button at abstract text.
The abstract button should open an area as a text area.
And initially the text should be empty.
So this function is used to create the empty text field area that said text and then say nothing is
printed and save.
If we click on open at that time, we are going to look at only one button.
So that's why we are using the conditional operators.
So I suppose if you aren't looking to buy tents at the time, is that possible?
I don't think so.
So, yes, the only purpose of using if and this conditional operators are to add actions, those a
specific button, if ones.
Otherwise, if the other bottom is me, what action should we perform?
And in the same level for every item we have at our function?
So the actions related to the parties are using this.
This override action buffer plus.
So the complete actions before that is completed.
Now, in the next part, we will be looking at how to add more features to this.
Knock it down application.